content/blog: Announcing Btrfs support in AlmaLinux OS 10.1 (#891)
AlmaLinux/almalinux.org: content/blog/2025-10-21-announcing-btrfs-support-in-almalinux-10-1.md

---
title: "Announcing Btrfs support in AlmaLinux OS 10.1"
type: blog
author:
  name: "Davide Cavalca"
  bio: "Production Engineer, Linux Userspace at Meta"
  image: /users/davidecavalca.png
date: "2025-10-21"
images:
  - /blog-images/2025/btrfs_almalinux101.png
post:
  title: "Announcing Btrfs support in AlmaLinux OS 10.1"
  image: /blog-images/2025/btrfs_almalinux101.png
---

# Announcing Btrfs support in AlmaLinux OS 10.1

> AlmaLinux OS 10.1 will support the Btrfs filesystem, which has already been available in AlmaLinux OS Kitten since 2025-09-10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AlmaLinux OS 10.1 will support the Btrfs filesystem, which has already been available in AlmaLinux OS Kitten since early September.
```
Dates are always confusing for readers, so let's just reference the month.
